# Tempest
Conducted an investigation from a workstation affected by a full attack chain.

## 1.Introduction
This project aims to introduce the process of analysing endpoint and network logs from a compromised asset. Given the artefacts, it will aim to uncover the incident from the Tempest machine. In this scenario, we will focus on handling and analysing the captured artefacts of a compromised machine.

## 2.Preparation - Log Analysis
### Log Analysis
Log analysis is the process of understanding events generated by a computer to identify anomalies such as security threats, application bugs, system performance, or other risks that may impact the organisation. 

A log file is an audit trail of events or activities within the applications and systems of an organisation. Logs automatically audit any activity configured, such as system messages, authentication attempts, and network traffic generated. In addition, every log entry is audited with a timestamp of when the event occurred, which deeply aids in an investigation.

### Event Correlation
Event correlation identifies significant relationships from multiple log sources, such as application logs, endpoint logs, and network logs.

Event correlation deals with identifying significant artefacts co-existing from different log sources and connecting each related artefact. For example, a network connection log may exist in various log sources, such as Sysmon logs (Event ID 3: Network Connection) and Firewall logs. Firewall logs may provide the source and destination IP, source and destination port, protocol, and the action taken. In contrast, Sysmon logs may give the process that invoked the network connection and the user running the process.

With this information, we can connect the dots of each artefact from the two data sources:

    Source and Destination IP
    Source and Destination Port
    Action Taken
    Protocol
    Process name
    User Account
    Machine Name

Event correlation can build the puzzle pieces to complete the exact scenario from an investigation.

